hi I'm Jane Park I'm the CEO of julep
and I'm here today in my house to show
you how you can get higher quality
results at home we know that not
everybody lives in Seattle and can come
into a julep and so I want to give you
some of our secrets and tricks of the
trade so that you can have the same
great long-lasting manicure that we give
in our parlors the first thing you need
is the right tool what every woman
should have in her purse is a crystal
nail file a lot of people don't realize
that nail polish chipping starts from
the edge so the smoother that edge the
longer your manicure will last it's also
important to have nail polish remover
and nail polish remover pad and orange
wood sticks are also a must-have and you
can get these in any drugstore or beauty
supply store I also like to have my
favorite hand lotion the color that
you'll be using of course and then base
and topcoat now I know at home you often
skip the base on top coat but especially
with dark colors and if you really want
your manicure to last those are super
important steps the next step is to
apply your favorite hand lotion because
after your manicure you won't be able to
use lotion for a couple of hours and so
it's nice to be able to hydrate your
skin so go ahead and put on your lotion
I love this glow on because it has
terrific light diffusing particles and
makes your hands look all dewy and
yelling and then you want to go ahead
and use nail polish remover and do this
even if you don't have nail polish on
because what you're doing is removing
any dust or any oils from your hand
lotion or any dirt or particles that
might be on your nail plate the first
step is to file your nails and make sure
that they are the length and shape you
want them to be one trick is to finish
filing by going across the free edge in
the same direction that will prevent the
fraying of your free edge and help your
manicure last longer now you're ready
for the base coat
a lot of women skip this step which I
understand but especially when you're
using dark polish it's really important
to protect your nails so that they don't
turn yellow so an important step with
every part of your polishing process is
to start by going across the free edge
first so the reason you go across the
free edge is to prevent water damage
from happening and water most often
starts to penetrate your manicure and
your polish at the tip so you want to go
ahead and really protect the tip of
course the most fun and important step
in any manicure is picking your color
and today I chose Michelle it's a
beautiful inky dark blue and it's a
great way to start playing with color
and having some fun so about five
minutes have gone by and my base coat is
dry to the touch and what I'm going to
do is start polishing I was telling you
to start with the free edge and one
thing I like to do when I'm doing it at
home is to actually hold down the pad of
your finger and go across now I can see
that I've covered my free edge what can
really make your manicure look very
professional is when the side walls and
the cuticle line are very crisp and
clean and for you at home what's great
is if you have an orange wood stick to
just go back after polishing and put
that clean line in you can always just
take the polish that has gone over onto
your skin off and it's great to do this
right after you polish so that the
polish comes off immediately so when
you're doing your manicure at home one
thing that you have is a luxury of time
so really use that to your advantage and
give yourself about five minutes to let
the first coat of polish dry before you
apply the second coat when you're done
polishing and waiting another five
minutes for your second coat of polish
to dry then you're ready for the top
coat this is especially the step you
shouldn't skip if you want your manicure
to last and again by now you've heard me
you start by sealing the free edge and
then polish each nail top coat tends to
we're down after a couple of days so
it's great to reapply topcoat every
other day and often women say to me well
won't that make my polish seem super
thick and that doesn't happen because
actually it's wearing down with each
hand wash so putting on another fresh
layer of topcoat makes your polish look
super shiny and it will really make your
manicure last so in just a few simple
steps you can achieve parler level
results in your own home